You will be asked to evaluate one educational exercise for math students working in pairs. The exercise will be presented to you in two parts, the exercise version shown only to Student A (called Version A) and the exercise version as shown only to Student B (Version B). Students A and B are assigned to be partners. Importantly, Version A and Version B may contain different, complementary information, or the information may be formulated differently. Student A cannot see Version B, and Student B cannot see Version A. The only way they can access the information available to their partner is by communication with each other via text chat. The exercise should require Both Student A and Student B to submit some answers in an answer field or fields.

Your criterion for evaluation of the exercise is whether or not the exercise indeed requires Student A and Student B to collaborate in order to solve the problem. If so, indicate pass. It is not acceptable if Student A and Student B can work separately, independently, and without communicating and still each get the correct answer. In such case, indicate fail. For an exercise to pass, it should be impossible for the students to answer correctly by working alone independently. It is not necessary for you to solve the problem. However, you may describe the solution process in explaining your reasons for your evaluation. When providing your evaluation, please format it as follows:

Verdict: [pass or fail]
Reason: [explanation for verdict]

The following is a passing example with the reason:
Version A:
A factory produces batteries each day. A sample of 200 batteries is drawn from today's production line, and 2 batteries fail the quality test. What is the best estimate for the total number of faulty batteries produced today?

Version B:
A factory produces 100,000 batteries each day. A sample of batteries is drawn from today's production line, and 2 batteries fail the quality test. What is the best estimate for the total number of faulty batteries produced today?

Reason: This exercise meets the requirement because it can only be solved if Student A and Student B share information with each other. Student A and Student B are holding different information: Student A knows the size of the sample that was tested but does not know the total number of batteries produced by the factory each day, while Student B knows the total number of batteries produced but does not know the size of the sample that was tested. They need to communicate this information to each other to estimate the total number of faulty batteries produced today.

The following is the exercise you need to evaluate:
%%%